# Conqueror-Game
A single player turn based empire building game implemented by me in cooperation with two of my excellent colleagues (Aly Hassan El-Sokkary and Aya Ahmed Fayed). The game consists of three historical cities and the player starts in one of these cities. The aim of the game is to conquer the remaining cities within 50 turns. The player can build military buildings to recruit different units(Archers, cavalry and infantry). In addition, the player can be build economical buildings like a farm to provide his army with food and a market to get gold required to build his empire. All of these buildings can be upgraded to get stronger units or higher revenues. When the player runs out of food his army starts to get weaker every turn. When the player recruits a unit, it becomes a part of the city's defending army by default. This army cannot leave  the city. However, the player can initiate other armies that can travel to other cities and relocte the units from the defending army to any of these armies. When an army reaches a city, the player can choose to attack directly or to lay seige on the city. A city can be under seige for 3 turns at most during the whole game. During seige, every turn the defending army of the enemy's city becomes weaker. However, the beseiging army requires more food. During the three turns the player can break the seige and attack the city or leave the city. After the three turns, the player has to attack the city. When attacking the city, the player can choose to manually lead the attack or to auto resolve it. When manually leading the attack, the player chooses a unit from his army and a unit from the enemy's army and make them attack each other. After that the enemy does the same thing. The attack ends when all of the units of one of the armies are dead. If the player wins, the city belongs to him and he can build any buildings and armies he desires in it. In addition, the winning army becomes this city's defending army. The player wins the game if he conquer the three cities within the 50 turns. He loses if the 50 turns end without controlling all the cities.
